(doc) Add upcoming release notes for CLE (#955)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/licensed-extension/release-notes.md

<?! Include "../../shared/chocolatey-component-dependencies-link.txt" /?>

## 6.1.3 (February 21, 2024){#v6.1.3}

> :choco-info: **NOTE**
>

> > This release addresses a problem that prevented users of the Chocolate GUI and the Background Services from installing or upgrading packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release addresses a problem that prevented users of Chocolatey GUI and the Background Service (Chocolatey Agent) from installing and upgrading packages.
```

- Fix - An unsupported argument is passed to the Chocolatey Agent when using the API - see [licensed #380](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/380).

## 5.0.6 (February 21, 2024){#v5.0.6}

> :choco-info: **NOTE**
>

> > This release addresses a problem that prevented users of the Chocolate GUI and the Background Services from installing or upgrading packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release addresses a problem that prevented users of Chocolatey GUI and the Background Service (Chocolatey Agent) from installing and upgrading packages.
```
